chore(k8s-instr): update documentation about possible customization (#3727)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/apm/traces/get-started-transaction-tracing/set-up-traces-collection-for-kubernetes-environments.md

  -f values.yaml
```

### Custom configuration

> Every customization to the collectors configuration should be applied using keys `config.merge` or `config.override`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every customization to your collector configuration should be applied using keys `config.merge` or `config.override`:
```

>   - for `otelcolInstrumentation` - `otelcolInstrumentation.config.merge` which will merge provided configuration to [default configuration](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection/blob/main/tests/helm/testdata/goldenfile/otelcol-instrumentation-config/traces-gateway-enabled.output.yaml#L15) or `otelcolInstrumentation.config.override` which will override whole configuration.
>   - for `tracesGateway` - `tracesGateway.config.merge` which will merge provided configuration to [default configuration](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection/blob/main/tests/helm/testdata/goldenfile/traces-gateway-loadbalancing/traces-gateway-true.output.yaml#L14) or `tracesGateway.config.override` which will override whole configuration.
>   - for `tracesSampler` - `tracesSampler.config.merge` which will merge provided configuration to [default configuration](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection/blob/main/tests/helm/testdata/goldenfile/traces-sampler/simple.output.yaml#L14) or `tracesSampler.config.override` which will override whole configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **For `otelcolInstrumentation`**. Use `otelcolInstrumentation.config.merge`, which will merge provided configuration to [default configuration](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection/blob/main/tests/helm/testdata/goldenfile/otelcol-instrumentation-config/traces-gateway-enabled.output.yaml#L15) or `otelcolInstrumentation.config.override`, which will override the whole configuration.
  - **For `tracesGateway`**. Use `tracesGateway.config.merge`, which will merge provided configuration to [default configuration](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection/blob/main/tests/helm/testdata/goldenfile/traces-gateway-loadbalancing/traces-gateway-true.output.yaml#L14) or `tracesGateway.config.override` which will override the whole configuration.
  - **For `tracesSampler`**. Use `tracesSampler.config.merge`, which will merge provided configuration to [default configuration](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection/blob/main/tests/helm/testdata/goldenfile/traces-sampler/simple.output.yaml#L14) or `tracesSampler.config.override` which will override the whole configuration.
```
